The upper San Francisco Estuary is an inland inverse delta formed by the confluence of 5 major rivers that drain 70% of the land in California. It is a central hub of water delivery in California and home to a number of commercially important and endangered fish, such as Salmon, Sturgeon, and Delta Smelt. To monitor the environmental impacts of water exports from this system, extensive ecological monitoring has been conducted since the 1960s. To track lower trophic levels, zooplankton abundance has been monitored from 1972 to present. Starting with just one survey (the Environmental Monitoring Program) in 1972, the suite of zooplankton surveys gradually expanded with time as surveys traditionally focused on monitoring fish abundance added zooplankton nets to their sampling programs. Zooplankton sampling began in the 20mm survey in 1995, in the Summer Townet Survey in 2005, in the Fall Midwater Trawl in 2007, and in the Fish Restoration Program in 2015. All sampling programs continue today. Each survey samples once or twice monthly at set of fixed stations that varies across surveys depending on their objectives. While the Environmental Monitoring Program samples year-round, the other surveys are mostly seasonal, although additional months were sampled in some years. Most surveys target open channels although the Fish Restoration Program samples near shallow wetlands. Three size classes of zooplankton are targetted by these sampling programs with different net mesh sizes: micro zooplankton (copepods and rotifers) are targetted with a 43 &mu;m mesh net, meso zooplankton (copepods and cladocerans) are targetted with 150 - 160 &mu;m mesh nets, and macro zooplankton (mysids and amphipods) are targetted with 500-505 &mu;m mesh nets. We have integrated data from all 5 surveys and 3 size classes into a powerful long-term record of zooplankton in the San Francisco Estuary, representing over 80,000 zooplankton samples and over 2 billion estimated zooplankton captured by the nets in these surveys. Over the duration of this zooplankton dataset, the zooplankton community species composition has almost completely turned over after a series of species invasions from East Asia, numerous drought cycles have come and gone, and important fish species have dramatically declined during the Pelagic Organism Decline in 2002, likely due in part to reduced food supply from zooplankton. Data from the individual surveys have been used in prior studies to investigate issues related to species invasions, flows, fish diets and population dynamics, zooplankton population dynamics, and community ecology. Our integrated dataset offers new and unparalleled spatio-temoporal resolution to address these and other questions with greater statistical power. 